Part 1 - behavioural assessment - COMPLETE
Part 2 - Your story - COMPLETE
What’s your idea of the perfect job 
In 3 words or phrases, how would your friends describe you?
In 3 words or phrases, how would your teachers describe you?
What do you like doing that makes you happy?
Is there anything in life that frustrates you?
Is there anything you've done you feel really proud of?
Part 3 - Practical 
Visa status question
Employment type preferences (full time, part time, temporary, permanent, internship, freelance / contract, apprenticeship, other)
What working arrangements would you consider?
Where would you like to work (if select fully remote previously, skip this)
What are your minimum salary expectations? 
When are you looking to start a job?
Do any of the following apply to you? E.g. driving license, speaking languages 
Part 4 - Interests / preferences
What were your favourite subjects during education?
Have you done any courses or self learning you'd like to share?
Are there any types of roles that have caught your eye already? 
Which industries interest you most?
Size of company 
what type of company culture do you think you'd prefer? 
Part 5 - Education 
What's the highest level of qualification you have received, or are currently working towards?
What subject(s)
Institution
When did / will you finish education
Part 6 - Personal Info
Pronouns
Gender Identity
Ethnicity 
What type of upbringing did you have? (amend wording) - city / rural / town or suburb / moved around
Do you identify as disabled or having a disability?
Neurodivergence?
Mental health challenges?
Would you consider yourself to be from a low income household?
Were you eligible for Free School Meals while at school?
If you attend or attended university, were you the first generation in your family to go to university?
Are you a first or second generation immigrant?
Date of Birth 
Are you part of the LGBTQIA+ community?
Part 7 - Job Search experience
What is your current employment status?
How long have you been looking for a job?
How many jobs do you apply to a week?
What factors do you consider important when applying for a job?
What were the main reasons you signed up to Pollen?
What frustrates you the most about the traditional job seeking process?
Could you elaborate more on your experiences of looking for a job?
Part 8 - Other
Are there any reasonable adjustments we need to make for you?
How did you hear about us
