Person they want

Young, hungry, bright, happy to be client facing - mainly online. 
Confident
Numerically literate 
“Account executive” equivalent
Doesn't care if they have a degree or not 
Hospitality work e.g. summer jobs / pubs would help them have confidence to talk to people
Transferrable skills
Spark, hunger, ambition 
If they want to stay for 18 months that’s fine
Expecting to pay starting wage and drip feed pay rises - they prove themselves. 
Project managing things
Don’t want people wedded to marketing agency - they are not that
Majority of work is to make workplaces fairer, healthier and happier
Workplace culture / comms
B corp
Employee owned - would they get access to that?
1 day a week in an office - up to them to be in more if they like
Wednesdays is anchor day
Fine to live far away and travel 
Relationships less of a focus - would rather fire emails, be on teams, get stuff done
Doesn’t mean they aren’t lovely and friendly and get close to clients, but not the same as pre pandemic
Being helpful, getting to the point. 
Project management - receive information from clients, make sure internal team have the info they need, updating project systems, chasing clients, taking feedback from internal team and clients and sharing back and forth, problem solving. 
Traditional level: design and write pretty things and goes back and forth. 
Diplomacy useful skill. Have to marry up challenges and problem solve their way 
Communication, agility, take on mental load, spin lots of plates, being able to deal with constant movement. Need to be organised. Dynamic. Guard rails - but have to be able to deal with lots of information and streamline information - figure out own personal organisation e.g. trello. Furloughed staff couldn’t handle being at home - they were so under pressure. 
Doesn’t expect experience - but any prior knowledge helpful. 
So much to learn and absorb in the company 
UK’s best workplaces
EVP is about doing the best work of your career - but not any cost
Mainly female 30s with kids - only 2 men 
Welcome under-represented they would welcome - they would be well supported and seen
A lot of neurodiversity - well disclosed - have an ERG group for neurodiversity - also give us feedback about useful adjustments or accommodations. 
Sustainability, diversity and inclusion, wellbeing groups. A lot of anxiety in the team but they support it well within the team - one lady had to leave previous role and thought she couldn’t stay in this form of workplace and might need to work in different industry. Now a star member of staff. A great case study - it wasn’t me, it was my environment. Manages it really well in the environment she’s in. If they are willing to push through it, they welcome that (e.g. if they want loads of accommodations that doesn’t work). 

When you start working with us, you get a profile: things you should know about me are…e.g. Happy for you to teams call me, but can you give a heads up so I’m not caught off guard. When two people have to work together a lot - they do a ways of working as personalities are different. Let’s have a chat. 

Line manager will be client delivery director - she would act as a tutor, wouldn’t be in the classroom every day, but can default to them to ask questions. During the day working with different ADs. Tend to buddy, but don’t want to restrict themselves - limits learning opportunity and workstreams. 
Traffic manager schedules all the work - they will be working with this person a lot - e.g. it needs to be at this time, etc. 
On teams a lot. 
Work with designers - brief designers, get creative work back from designers, client didn’t want that, etc. 
A buddy when they first work with us - show them their way around, different department, gets on well with them, safe person, do I say this etc. 
Bad transport links - Send just outside of Guildford. Bus is painful from train station (woking). Occasions where you need to travel to another client e.g. heathrow, or international (Germany), very irregularly. Secondary languages favourable!
PSW ok. At peace with people leaving. Anywhere culturally is great to bring empathy to clients. Varied backgrounds within team e.g. SA, hungary

What’s great about George? - a leader, confident, no prisoners, good EQ, didn’t cross a line. 
