- The ATS part of the employer view needs to be reviewed and here is my current thinking (feel free to make suggestions):
It might be most simple to have the candidate management system contained within the detailed candidate profile - effectively expanding on the Interview Management tab (rename “candidate management”?) with some clear indicators as to what has happened so far and simple actions for next steps. Say for example, an interview has taken place, the employer might want the freedom to send them a message to invite them to a further interview, they might decide it’s a no and issue feedback, or they might decide to offer them the job. I am not sure the tabulation system works within the Candidate Management tab itself (a toggle bar within a toggle bar is a bit confusing and there’s too much going on currently). 
For the interviews themselves, it might make sense for that to be linked from this candidate management section, but on a separate page - ie maybe they see a summary of interviews and then they can click on the relevant interview card and complete their scoring and notes. Perhaps next to the interview cards on the candidate management tab, they can click a simple yes or no as to whether they are progressing which then prompts the next action (ie if it’s a yes, they might be prompted to send a message or send request for another interview, if it’s a no they’ll be asked to provide their feedback). 
Some of this content is already n the Interview management tab, it just needs some better UX design. For example, the interview notes could be moved out to the separate interview page and just one single notes section within that page for simplicity. 
On the detailed interview page (which already exists on /interview-schedule/#) : note that all of the interview pages say Priya on them. Remove back to candidates button on this page and just leave links to all interviews and view profile. As per above, we could use this page for the note taking and scoring so all in one place and clear what it relates to? We could take out the “next steps” section of the detailed interview card given that this should in theory be covered from the candidate management tab in the profile? Just will need to make clear in the interview card how they take those next steps (not through copy, but through UX). Make cards clickable in interview schedule page. FYI when you click view profile it goes to the candidate summary page as opposed to that individual’s profile page. 
